hello everyone and welcome to the channel
techno 01net today even more
faster faster and faster
it's the 4g is a potting soil is fast
with all these rapids there but yes it is
true that the operators wash us
with the 4g step if you noticed
but most all today
so does that bring some
thing to hide answer right away
so the promise of the 4g we know
because we're talking about it now
several months otherwise it goes very fast
that's the 4g it's more flow it's
a latency time a better ping
but also we are 10 times the
3g french yes so that after it's
numbers that the operators feast
with these numbers there that are sum
all pretty theoretical but basically the 4g
you can promise debits in
fact that would be equivalent to fiber
optical at home ring that you make yourself
count it in the pocket every thing
so fast that your phone cram
other roman you are where god he
burns it's horrible good we tested and
finally it's still not bad but
to give you an idea 4g
it's 100 megabits of a second an airlock and
the theoretical numbers
while the 3g it caps at 42
megabits you're still it's the ax
pulsed the last generation 3g
so we wanted to judge on piece
and we organize a little test in
video watch this then there put the
small dishes in the big ones took
full of phone the more we went
feasted three smartphones under your eyes
to have a galaxy s 4 that is equipped
a chip 3g so we will stay at home
the orange operator 1 we could have in
choose another name chose this one
same for the consistency of the tests have
learned the same operator
here is an area where we receive
this operator the soul the galaxy s 4 is in
3g the iphone 5 s being h + tomorrow it's the
super 3g room at 42 megabits second
track and the famous 4g and well she is at
inside the lg j 2 good you see
on this occasion but here is the g2 which
will soon be testing who is we going to say
lg's flagship phone
interesting enough who has a chip
besides 4g that can ride up
150 megabits second
tell you time there it goes crazy we go for
the tests are gone we are going to go
we're going to start with a small
speedtest here is a little software that
shows us counter in support how
what it looks like we have the
figures speak for themselves to the galaxy
the galaxy s 4 in 3g so the iphone 5 is
in older age and the lg I am two years old 4g
Well, that's impressive, it's
true that there the lg with 80 megabits
second it's still good, huh
18 about 21 and about 80 mega bits
for the last batch d for the plot so
the rising supply we are to you see it
this mega for the 4g yeah so that's
still impressive imagine 16
megabit upload is four times more
the Kalashnikov more so when it is
when you have an adsl connection to the
house you ceiling at 1 mega so there
it's still hot it's even more
fast that in fact the stud in fiber
optics that is capped in general or
at 5 times gala dinner we have this year there
conditions are optimal here but
the cloud in 3g not bad either huh on
is at 3 or 4 mega bits depending on
in 3g or older age and the passage
we realize that he does not have much
difference between the traditional 3g
in orange and the h chips option that
costs 5 euros more was virtually
the same flows if you're still in
rtc home makes you dream already
already I wish you good luck
to watch this video in hd I think
that you need a week pretty well
so beyond the geeks test with this
speedtest storyteller seeing a little bit of it
that it gives in the East in the facts
and in practice and in practice by
example if you want to download a
application then we chose
the application holds that's the ratp
to see who is about 12
mega byte well look what that
give the drug it's impressive
Here is the 4g snapshot that is
to say that 12 mega are engulfed by going
we will say one second
impressive then against angers that
takes a little more time well
safe even if there is good there is a big
difference between a download
snapshot and three seconds 1 this is the
question we could ask was
actually but because there we are
on the posted that's not all that huge
to us but I live but if you
download games that make
today up to 50 100 200 mega bits
200 megabytes so here we will finally see
actually good look what that
now gives upload because
it's true that the 4g the promise is
to send videos of big pictures
etc or even big attachments
in a snap of your fingers and that's it
what does that give with a video on
youtube videos on youtube that have
been taken with the galaxy s 4 and this
famous lg2 look at the difference in 3g
it's going relatively fast
ceding to specify that the files must be
about the same weight yes a
manhattan twenty mega and there
again is well the 4g pushes everything
it is true that there the count is when
even pretty impressive
so here is no photo to note that
there we are in we were in
visibly exceptional conditions
ie the 4g she was from
good mood no but we can imagine
also that the network is almost empty
because there are not many people
who of course said them with
subscriptions to sit with the furia of
millions of users necessarily that
it happens well before slowing down
besides the promise of the 4g that will be
as fast as optical fiber it
do not hide the face it will be wrong
because of course when we are all
downloading big
files on the same cell 4g on
will not have this idiot to a word of the
French price a word of rates
so you have to know that the operators
and it is precisely to value this 4g
by increasing the price of subscriptions a
look a little bit what's on offer
the Bouygues SFR and Orange mobile free
do not communicate for the 4g it should
not delay but for now these are
the three incumbent operators in
general it's a there is a difference of
5 to 10 euros for the same subscription in
3g in 4g pay attention to the fair use
to the data than the data plan that you
are going to have because we can imagine
they are four young and we can
Download
here we can imagine that in 4g you
have downloaded faster and therefore more
so take a package with more data
available
and then with regard to the cover
is well then the 4g is in the process of
to settle in the big cities
I'm going to battle that operators
is leading right now it's enough
impressive is fierce the goal
it's 40% coverage for the end of
the year then both at bouygues
at orange and at sfr bouygues ça va
arrive a little earlier to note
that the particularity of the 4g network of
Bouygues is that it will be compatible
with the previous iphone
the iphone 5 which will be the only one in France to
able to capture the 3g the 4g will be so
at bouygues telecom here is the 4g
concretely what does it look like
really wanted to judge on piece to
through
here are two more things
maybe two little questions that
you ask yourself
if you change devices I confirm
and although it is 4g compatible because
that he still has phones that are
not compatible 4g
look at that well and then know that in
terms of autonomy we had said that
their 4g phones to consume them
a lot more energy than a phone
in 3g well it's wrong
the first tests that I could lead
shows that not only does it not consume
more than a phone in 3g but I
the impression that we if the phone
is well optimized
it consumes less so here it is
maybe some information too
important
here for the 4g we meet tomorrow
with another subject but you
high-tech hi all quickly